You.
I used to breed rabbits. Then I realized they can handle it themselves.
My dog is an awesome fashion adviser. Every time I ask him what I look like in my clothes, he says “WOW!”
Why are eggs not very much into jokes? Because they could crack up.
Barkeep: I’m sorry, we never serve time travelers. A time traveler walks into a bar.
What is written on a dentist’s grave? He’s filling his last cavity.
Meanwhile in a parallel universe: “Oh for God’s sake! Where are all these extra single socks coming from?!”
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10-tickles.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
I’m positive I just lost an electron. Better keep an ion that.
How do you invite a dinosaur for lunch? Tea, Rex?
Who invented King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference.
I’m super friendly with 25 letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know why.
How do turtles communicate with each other? With shell phones.
What’s so great about whiteboards? If you think about it, they’re pretty re-markable!
Why did the mathematician work from home? Because he could only function in his domain.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
You know what really bugs me? Insect puns.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being frank.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off!
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
A mean crook going down stairs = A condescending con, descending
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
what did the astronaut say when he was interviewed? No comet.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but all the good ones Argon.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
I used to be indecisive; now I'm not so sure.
I got a new thesaurus; not only is it bad, it’s bad.
Why are ghost such bad liars? Because they are easy to see through.
If I got 50 cents for every failed math exam, I’d have $ 6.30 now.
Do you know a tree’s favorite drink? Root beer!
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
Why couldn't the leopard play hide and seek? Because he was always spotted.
What starts with E, ends with E, and has only 1 letter in it? Envelope.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
Why is six afraid of seven? Now, I assume it's because seven is a prime number, and prime numbers can be intimidating.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible. Well, tell him I can't see him right now.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
To the mathematicians who thought of the idea of zero, thanks for nothing!
I named my dog 6 miles so I can tell people that I walk 6 miles every single day.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
I heard you like bad girls. I'm bad...at everything.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing Taxis.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner as all it was doing was gathering dust.
As I watched the dog chasing his tail I thought "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
Hedgehogs, eh? Why can't they just share the hedge?
Velcro - what a rip-off!
What do you call a patronising criminal going down a staircase? A condescending con descending.
"Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?" No sun.
I tried to sue the airline for misplacing my luggage. I lost my case.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
I came up with a new word yesterday. Plagiarism.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says, ‘Sorry we don’t serve food in here.'
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how much I play, I'll never be as good as a wall. I played a wall once. They're relentless.
Escalators don’t break down… they just turn into stairs
I intend to live forever… or die trying.
I used to think the brain was the most important organ. Then I thought, look what’s telling me that.
Why aren’t koalas actual bears? They don’t meet the koalafications.
As a scarecrow, people say I’m outstanding in my field. But hay, it’s in my jeans.
What’s a pirates favorite letter? You think it’s R but it be the C.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don’t make sense. Refrigerator.
I don’t have an attitude; I have a personality you can’t handle.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I’m doing.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour
There are three types of people: those who can count and those who can’t.
Leopards are terrible at hide-and-seek because they’re always spotted.
There was a kidnapping on a school bus but it’s fine. He woke up.
One bird can’t make a pun. But toucan.
Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me — it means a lot.
What’s purple and 5,000 miles long? The Grape Wall of China.
When does a joke become a Dad joke? When it’s fully groan.
I applied for a job at the local restaurant. I’m still waiting.
Did you hear about those new reversible jackets? I’m excited to see how they turn out.
Do I like wind turbines? Yes, I’m a big fan.
What do you call a pile of kittens A meowntain.
What do you call a baby monkey? A Chimp off the old block.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she will 'Let it go' 'Into the unknown'.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator
What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise? LMAYO
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? "Where's Popcorn?"
Why did the birdie go to the hospital? To get a tweetment.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
Instead of "the John," I call my toilet "the Jim." That way it sounds better when I say I go to the Jim first thing every morning.
The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.
