You.
I used to breed rabbits. Then I realized they can handle it themselves.
My dog is an awesome fashion adviser. Every time I ask him what I look like in my clothes, he says “WOW!”
Why are eggs not very much into jokes? Because they could crack up.
Barkeep: I’m sorry, we never serve time travelers. A time traveler walks into a bar.
What is written on a dentist’s grave? He’s filling his last cavity.
Meanwhile in a parallel universe: “Oh for God’s sake! Where are all these extra single socks coming from?!”
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10-tickles.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
I’m positive I just lost an electron. Better keep an ion that.
How do you invite a dinosaur for lunch? Tea, Rex?
Who invented King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference.
I’m super friendly with 25 letters of the alphabet. I just don’t know why.
How do turtles communicate with each other? With shell phones.
What’s so great about whiteboards? If you think about it, they’re pretty re-markable!
Why did the mathematician work from home? Because he could only function in his domain.
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
You know what really bugs me? Insect puns.
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being frank.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off!
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe.
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
A mean crook going down stairs = A condescending con, descending
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
what did the astronaut say when he was interviewed? No comet.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but all the good ones Argon.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
I used to be indecisive; now I'm not so sure.
I got a new thesaurus; not only is it bad, it’s bad.
